Hey,
what's going on it's Bill Burr and It's time for the Thursday afternoon,
just before Friday,
Monday morning podcast.
And I am checking in.
Okay.
Argue you woo.
What's going on?
How's your week been going?
Aw,
Jesus.
That's wonderful.
That's fantastic.
I'm out here in La.
It's overcast,
it's gloomy,
it's rainy,
which is a good thing.
Which was a good thing because we always need the fucking rain out here.
And I'm so pissed at whoever the,
I don't know was the mayor,
I don't know who it was,
but last year it rained like it's never rained out here and this fucking asshole
goes,
okay.
You know the drought officially over.
It's like it's never over.
There was never supposed to be a city out here.
Okay.
So whatever we got,
we need to conserve because who not fuck knows when it's going to rain again.
So what do I see?
What do I see the other day?
I see this whole fucking thing,
this video about how to put these giant black rubber balls.
They just roll them into lakes,
I think.
And I believe that it's to try to prevent,
you know,
to slow down the evaporation of the water in the searing heat out here.
And once again,
this saying that we're in a drought and does anybody go back to the stupid ass
fucking mayor or the governor or the lieutenant something,
whatever,
whatever the fuck the person's position is that makes the ignorant statement
that the drought is over.
So every stupid cards out here,
it goes back to fucking take an extra long shower.
Of course not.
Why would you do that?
It's not your job as a politician.
You job as a politician is not to tell people what's going on.
It's to make people feel that everything is going to be okay.
You make them feel like everything's going to be okay when,
when everything isn't okay.
And then you make people scared shitless when there's really nothing to be
afraid of.
And that is my cynical fucking view on a cloudy fucking la morning.
Yeah.
Oh,
these people are,
they're,
they're coming to get you.
Yeah.
Oh,
there's plenty of water.
Fucking take a nice long shower.
You stupid content.
Um,
well that's not,
that's,
you know,
we're getting towards the end of the week.
Why,
why,
why would I come at you?
So in this way,
I'm a little grumpy today.
I'm a little grumpy.
It didn't get a lot of sleep last night.
And then I got to,
uh,
I'm going out to Pittsburgh today.
I've got Pittsburgh,
I got Cincinnati this weekend too.
Fucking towns and people ain't afraid to work lease or Dad's work and their
dad's dad,
but these kids now and sitting around playing video games,
trying to fucking come up with an APP that ain't steal working is,
um,
I'm going out there.
Some of my great friends that I've met in this business live in Pittsburgh.
Yeah.
And,
uh,
so I'm to be doing tomorrow morning,
I'm going to be on the,
uh,
the morning show,
Randy bombing and Bill Crawford,
wd Lee.
He so tune in if you're in Pittsburgh.
Um,
I always try to make sure that I want to come back,
that I do their show because I remember,
I remember back in the day when I would go there and I would play the fucking
Pittsburgh improv out at the stacks.
This is small out there and they literally had the,
kept a stacks from,
you know,
when we used to fucking produce shit in this country and for meal steel mills or
whatever.
And uh,
I used to go down there and I'd sell low about 30,
35 tickets.
Okay,
let me,
what's a fucking hard ticket to sell?
I can't explain it.
That God damn mall,
first of all,
there was one way in and one way out on the skinny bridge,
if I remember correctly.
And it took,
it just took forever to get in and out of there.
And a,
if nobody knew who the fuck you,
where it was very difficult to sell tickets.
So a Randy used to put me on the show.
He'd be like,
dude,
just come in Tuesday dude.
Do the fucking show every single day.
Tuesday,
Wednesday,
Thursday,
Friday.
Come in.
I would do it.
Just sit in for the,
almost the whole show,
all four days in a row.
And then I finally started selling tickets.
So,
you know,
now that I'm selling tickets,
I don't want to come back to Pittsburgh like gold Billy big shot,
right?
I gotta go back there and kiss the fucking ring.
They made me want I,
why should you still shooting?
Um,
and of course they're going to probably be fucking give me shit.
I already already willing to believe that they're going to give me shit about
the last patriots,
Steelers game,
those poor fuck at people.
I can't remember the last time the Steelers beat the Patriots.
It's unbelievable.
He used to beat the fuck out of us when we were kids.
I'm just trying to enjoy the last fucking whatever Tom Brady has left because I
know it's going to be,
it's like dolphin fence.
They're still waiting for the next day.
Marina.
They'd been waiting since 99 and entire generation has grown up watching them
lose to the Patriots.
And my whole childhood,
I watched us lose to the dolphins.
Bob fucking greasy,
right?
And then he finally retired like,
oh,
thank God.
Right.
And then somehow Don Shula's still got David Woodley and don Strock okay.
To trade off at that position.
Yeah.
And they went to another fucking Superbowl.
Granted they lost,
they still kicked our ass
and then they get Dan Marino.
So our lives were fucking miserable for a good 17 years.
So,
uh,
you know what?
That's an interesting question.
I would love to see what is the Patriots that lifetime record against the Miami
Dolphins?
Let's see here.
Patriots first.
Dolphins,
all time.
Uh,
wait,
what did I just say?
I said it perfectly.
Lifetime record.
See if we get it here.
This is why the Internet's fucking great.
This is why it's fucking great.
Wait,
what do you mean the pate?
The Patriots one 11 one 11 and 10 in the eighties against the dolphins.
It's not fucking possible.
Wait a minute.
Okay.
And the 60s at dolphins won.
They won four out of,
so they were four and three and the 70s they were 13 and seven
in the 80s the Patriots who are 11 and 10 I never would've known that.
And the 90s they were 14 and seven
Oh,
we didn't even do that.
Well against him in two thousands we were 11 and nine verse them.
I didn't even know that there was that close.
I thought they destroyed us in the eighties and we won one more game than them
and I thought we killed them in the two thousands we were 11 and nine and then
this Dick Decade we were 12 and four.
All right,
so who's winning here?
Oh,
Jesus.
12 and 11 it's 23 everybody.
I can't fucking do this.
This is going to take forever.
You know what?
I just realized.
I don't care if you can,
can you do give me a total?
Do I have to fucking think?
I mean,
this is the Internet.
The whole fucking reason to get on this is not the thing.
All right,
let's see here.
Dolphins,
one 1717 and 10 after two decades,
then they were 27 and 21
oh then they crushed us 27 and 21 than they were 35 and 28 my brain's going to
explode here.
35 and 28 then they were 44 in 39,
Ben,
48 and 51 I believe I just did the math correctly.
They're 48 and 51.
I'll
swap a tape for the willow for fucking decades.
So your that right there.
Whenever I gamble on football,
I always stay away from division rivalries because it makes no fucking sense.
But somehow it's like the jets as much as the jet suck,
they still are the bills or whatever.
They you still going to go like you know,
I don't know.
One of them's going to get you.
You're going to have a letdown.
Gay play it twice a year.
It's really hard.
A big the two times he said,
David said say pockets season.
All right,
let's get down to what I really want to talk about.
Dean del Rey's 52nd birthday party slash tribute to bond Scott at the Avalon
might've been the most fun I've ever fucking had,
um,
since I got into this business.
Um,
it was a stand up show slash comedy show if you don't,
if you didn't see the floor.
And um,
the stand up show was Joey Diaz who should have been closing and then Mark Marin
and then myself,
they should have flipped the fucking order.
But,
uh,
we came out,
we did done dean of course hosted the show was sold out and a,
and then in the end,
Dean went up in front of this all star band and sang the entire power age album.
I got to see Mark Marin play lead guitar and I got to sit in on three songs on
drums and a,
it's the best day ever played.
And I still had a train rector and fucking live where.
But other than that,
it was fucking great and a dude.
It was,
I just want to thank everybody who played and let me be a part of that Dean del
Ray for putting it together.
Scottie and Nikki Sixx,
Mike Devin,
Rudy Sasso,
Josie.
Dave pushed her.
Steve Gorman fucking murdered it on drums.
Uh,
Mark Marin,
George Lynch.
I know,
I probably forgot a couple of people.
Um,
whoever the one got all,
like they got like the same amps and guitars in exact gear that ACDC use back
then.
So they had that crunch song sound.
I know that we've been posting clips on Instagram and everything and,
uh,
around the,
um,
around the internet,
but it was fucking unbelievable.
Unbelievable night.
And I already knew that.
I love Steve Gorman as a drummer,
but just watching him fucking murdering for an entire hour,
uh,
it was incredible.
I still see,
I still cannot believe that that happened
fucking play and drums and I'm looking up in this fucking fucking Nikki Sixx
plain base,
Scotty and on guitar.
I don't think I'll ever get over that people.
Um,
that was another thing,
you know,
and that the part is thing about doing that is sitting there going,
how the fuck,
what the fuck am I doing here?
Um,
but Jesus Christ,
Dean del Ray,
I've never heard him sing better.
Um,
you know,
cause now he got himself in like ridiculous shape.
You know what's Hilarious is if you can somehow find clips.
Two years ago when we did it and dean sang the entire highway to hell album and
I believe the next day or two days later,
he went to the doctor trying to figure out while he was still tired and his
levels of something we're off.
And then that's when he,
uh,
he went on this diet,
you know,
his new diet that,
that fucking guy gets locked into something and he's just into it.
You know what I mean?
You know,
I just quit drinking and then,
you know,
eventually I come back to it.
That dude quits.
It's fucking over.
It's past him.
And,
um,
but if you look at the difference,
he doesn't even look like the same person.
Like two,
two,
little over two years ago when we did the last one,
he looked like a fucking,
he looked like he'd been on the police force with a desk job for like fucking 25
years.
Um,
did undercover work.
He got into a little too deep and then they fucking,
they pulled them out.
You know,
can you get rid of whatever drug addiction he had?
And he put it into fucking donuts and eating colorful cereal.
That's what this fucking guy looked like.
And like you look at him now,
he doesn't even look like the same person.
In fact,
he told me the other day,
he ran into somebody and started talking to them and they will get acting all
weird and he had to like reintroduce himself cause they just thought he was some
sort of weird fan.
So,
um,
he already killed it a few years ago,
but uh,
and he was horrifically out of shape and now this year he was in unbelievable
shape and he fucking fucking murdered it.
And uh,
and I would also give a shout out to this one dude in the crowd.
The crowd was amazing with this one fucking dude.
He took me back to the 80s when I used to see shows that the Worcester Centrum
was the providence civic center.
This guy,
he had the long hair not styled it all.
Okay.
Not the way after a while they learned back in the day when you just grew your
hair to piss off your parents,
you just didn't cut it.
You know,
if you look at like fucking Robert Plant's hair in like before he got the do in
the 80s.
Right.
Would you just let it go out?
This guy had,
I guess it was more of a seventies haircut.
You just parted down the middle and let it fucking go.
He had the black fingerless gloves,
the Jean jacket with the band patches on it and shit.
And he was headbanging vintage headbang and like it was like 84 before Glam
Cayman.
And he wasn't just headbanging with the beat.
He was whatever the guitars were doing.
Uh,
like my neck hurt watching him and uh,
I dunno if he noticed,
but everybody that was on the show at some point notice him and was pointing
like laughing going like this fucking guy.
I remember guys like this and uh,
we actually,
I actually ran into him at the end of the show and,
uh,
families took a little bit of video,
so hopefully,
uh,
yeah,
it was just the coolest fucking crowd ever.
Like somebody walked by the line,
he's like,
dude,
it looks like heavy metal parking lot meets the comedy store.
It was perfect.
So,
um,
I mean,
I don't know.
I haven't heard of Dean's going to do it again,
but I got a feeling it was so much fun.
There's no fucking way he's not going to do it again.
And um,
you,
you owe it to yourself.
Yeah.
You got to come out here cause people going like,
dude,
you've got to take this show on the road.
It's just too many fucking amazing people that have their own careers.
All those musicians.
I don't know how the fuck you would get that on the road somewhere.
Maybe you could do a one off somewhere in New York City or something.
I have no idea.
Um,
but that's another great thing about living in La is all these guys are out here
in la and everybody's always shitting on la going to fuck you.
But did you folding fucking Bug Luba?
Yeah.
And then that happens.
That happens.
Um,
and everyone was so generous and I remember afterwards,
like a,
I don't know,
just everybody was just so fucking,
everybody would like was literally a fan of ACDC and it was just the greatest
night ever.
So thank you to Dean del Rey.
Uh,
the all things comedy network.
Um,
let there be talk podcast and,
uh,
amazing comedian now who gets sustained rounds of applause.
Uh,
um,
the last couple of dates I did with them,
I'm so happy for him.
It was just a fucking night in my life.
I've his life too.
I should say.
I'm fucking making it about myself.
Um,
anyways.
Uh,
I dunno.
That's weird.
That was all positive.
Now that's kind of thrown me off my game here.
I got a trash something now.
Oh.
I actually am taking a connecting flight to Pittsburgh because the only direct
flight is on southwest and I just cannot fucking handle the standup comedy that
they tried to do on those things.
It just,
it's excruciating.
The jokes never work,
at least when I'm on there.
And then there's just this awkward pause and everybody sort of laughs out of the
awkwardness and it's just,
I find it unbelievably fucking unprofessional
considering we're all on a fucking plane.
That always,
you know,
they'd see always the outside chance this thing could crash
is we're going down the tarmac and the guy's doing a Darth Vader voice,
make sure your seatbelt is on doing this shit.
And everybody's
fucking labs like,
dude,
what the fuck are you doing?
Sorry.
Um,
I don't,
I don't know why it bothers me as much as it does because I actually,
I told you last time I went on the Internet and I tried to find people that
agreed with me and I couldn't find one post.
I went through four pages of the Internet
when I searched,
you know,
flight attendant's doing their comedy routines and all it was,
was glowing reviews.
So at some point,
I guess I just have to admit that it's me.
That is me.
But uh,
you know,
they have an incredible safety record over there.
They really do.
But I don't think it's because of those fucking
those fuck away.
I don't know.
I almost made a fucking joke that I,
I,
I'm not gonna do that joke cause we live in a time that you just can't make
jokes like that.
But just know that in involved Mohammed.
Atta,
how about those Boston Bruins,
everybody,
they are tied.
We just got smoked by the Tampa Bay lightning,
four to nothing.
Uh,
we are tied for points.
We got three games left.
We're paying,
playing the panthers,
the senators,
and then the pant is again,
um,
to see who's to have I guess Ho mice throughout the whole eastern culprits
fucker playoffs.
Congratulations to them.
This amazing season,
this amazing rebuilt,
you know,
since we let all of those guys go from our 2011,
essentially 2011 Stanley Cup team.
The fact that they turned it around this quick quickly,
um,
has been incredible in the only thing that sucks right now as a Canadian suck.
You know,
cause I would be like really excited,
you know,
when we get this good.
Do you want to go play a good Canadian team,
a Montreal Canadiens team and have a great classic seven game series and um,
you know,
it's like if the Yankees suck and the red sox are good or vice versa,
it's not fun for the fence,
you know,
unless she just did Douche bag.
And you'd like to see a one sided event,
but,
um,
playoffs are coming up.
Celtics,
it's coming up.
I haven't been able to watch any fucking games.
The amount of times I've had five or six games,
Bruins games or Celtics Games,
just,
you know,
backlogged.
And I can only watch the first period of one game.
Like I did the lightning game and then I gotta erase all of them because it
takes up too much space.
I just don't have the fucking time.
You loosely,
we Yada
yawning like the fucking parent I am right now.
Proud to be a parent.
But Jesus Christ,
you're fucking,
and I,
I,
you know,
I got all the packages.
I think I'm going to have to get rid of them.
I don't even,
I can't eat.
I don't have fucking time to watch them.
This is all good reasons why you don't have time to watch them.
But,
uh,
you know,
I,
the red sox came out.
I think we're like five and one.
Everybody's excited about our pitching staff.
The Red Sox who are now the evil empire and the Yankees have this little team
that could,
that has,
you know,
500 zillion fucking dollars.
Uh,
but the way the Yankees did it versus the way the red sox did it,
we've literally become them.
But,
uh,
it seems to be working for us and it's working for the Yankees.
So I have a bet this year with Paul Versey,
the pride of Trenton fee in Newark,
New Jersey.
Paul Versey 50 bucks a game in the regular season.
And I also have another 50 bucks a game with,
uh,
with my agent who books me on the road.
So I figure if I,
if I put some money on it,
I'll be able to,
you know,
at least pay attention.
Cause I don't want to miss all this shit.
I don't know,
become that dad that,
that doesn't know any,
any of the players' names.
You know,
it starts talking about Omar Moreno and fucking Dave full,
uh,
the Fuck Tim Foley de Felice from kids in the hall,
Tim Foley and all these old guys.
Widleen Mcgee,
you know,
it's like,
listen to that guy who doesn't know.
You know when I was a kid,
talk is still talking about Stan Musial.
Um,
all right,
let me read some of the fucking advertising here and then I gotta work.
I gotta get the Fuck Outta here.
I gotta pack
my bags.
Go out to Burbank,
get on a fucking plane.
Um,
wait,
am I going here?
Who Do we got here?
We got here.
All right.
Dollar Shave Club.
Everybody.
All right.
Get rid of all the junk that's lying around your bathroom.
It give it the cleaning it deserves.
Unless you live with a woman,
then just continue to joy.
You're one eighth of the fucking countertop in the bathroom.
You probably don't really have any clutter.
Do you freshen it up with,
do you ever try to like clean up your side,
your little fucking third of the House to try to guilt your wife had to pick it
up?
Some of our stretchy pants,
it doesn't really work,
does it?
Yeah.
That was my goal.
I was just going to be,
I'm just going to fuck it.
I'm,
I'm gonna,
I'm gonna lead by example.
You can't lead by example.
You gotta lead by example and you have to accompany it with,
um,
loud,
sighing
and then passive aggressive.
What's the matter?
Nothing.
What do you mean nothing?
What's the matter?
Well,
you know,
it's just,
you kinda got your
stretchy pants all over the F.
Oh,
I'm sorry.
I mean,
I,
I didn't do it on purpose.
Um,
fresh.
Where does that go?
Where does it go?
It goes nowhere.
Okay?
That's why God invented the garage.
That's the place we just go out there where you have the stuff that you really
love,
that you kind of have locked out there so she won't throw it out.
A fresh it up with high quality products from dollar Shave Club,
dollar shave club members can get everything they need delivered right to their
door.
Dollar Shave Club has raises,
shave butter,
shampoo,
body wash,
toothpaste,
everything you need to look,
smell and feel your best.
You get an amazing high quality shave every morning using dollar shave club's
executive razor.
I can't stop yawning.
Dear Dr Covey's,
you know,
it's going to happen.
I'm going to get on that fucking plane and everybody's going to have the shades
down except for that one fucking asshole who not only has the shade open,
also has the overhead lighting on it.
You get an amazing high quality,
uh,
shave every morning using dollar shave club's executive razor there.
Dr Covey's easy shave butter goes on clear so you can see where you're shaving.
That makes no sense,
but it goes unclear.
How can you see where you're shaving?
You need the fucking white foam to show that you already did that part of your
face,
right?
You're saying that you can see through the shave butter,
I dunno.
And since dollar shave club delivers everything to you,
you don't have to,
you don't have to set a foot in a store wanting around the isles,
hunting for razors,
shampoo,
body wash,
toothpaste,
none of it.
You can just eat yourself into an early grave.
Eventually your wife has to Shavia.
Clean up y'all.
Let's,
how about a round of applause
for all the people that stay with people that get that big,
you know what I mean?
And they got to take them down to the fucking car wash,
you know,
the self car wash and take out that fucking scrubber that the soaps shoots out
of,
you know,
tie the person to the fucking front fender like a God damn N***a shot an elk and
you just scrub them down.
Um,
clean up your bathroom and your morning and your morning routine with dollar
shave club's daily essential static kit for just $5.
With free shipping,
you get to six plate executive razor plus trial sizes of shave butter body
cleanser in one wipe Chimichurri oh cherry.
Then keep the blades coming for a few bucks more a month.
Speaking of your next month,
for a limited time,
only use the code bur bur at checkout to get $5 off your second month of the
club.
That's Code
burr@dollarshaveclub.com to save $5 on your second month.
Join the club today,
right?
Legal Zoom.
It's a fact of life.
Attorneys are expensive.
You're likely to pay around $300 an hour.
Fuck.
That's just one reason why smart business owners turn to legal zoom.
Sure.
Over 2 million Americans have used legal zoom to start their businesses with LSC
LLCs and corporations in more.
I got to take out the fucking Invisalign.
Yeah,
we go.
But even right after your business is set up,
legal zoom can help you,
can help you out.
Things like lease agreements,
changing tax laws and contract reviews.
Can you fucking do a postnuptial prenup with this?
I Dunno.
Are all part of running your own business.
Do you promise to love hold and Cherice and pick up your fucking stretchy pants
when he sighs loudly I to,
well,
maybe,
I don't know,
waving need to me,
but these are precisely the kinds of legal hurdles that take time and effort
away from growing your business.
That's why legals and created their business legal plan with it.
You get legal advice for your business from vetted independent attorneys vetted.
That means they didn't take their dick out at work.
That's what vetted means.
Now,
at least in Hollywood,
right,
and tax professionals available in every state.
You can also raise,
you also receive access to Ndas,
lease agreements and more.
The best part is you don't,
you won't get charged by the hour.
Since legalzoom isn't a law firm.
Instead you just pay one low upfront price.
Call to action.
Legals on lease yawns have nothing to do with you.
Check out legal zoom is business legal plan and legal zoom.com now and
get special savings when you enter burr at checkout.
Legal Zoom where life meets legal legal,
zoom.com is sons of bitches.
All right,
what else do I have to say?
Do I have anything else to say?
Um,
actually I don't.
Let's talk about how I know how to pack now.
Alright,
one pair of jeans,
two shirts,
underwear and socks and that's it.
He Slam it in a fucking bag.
You never have to sit there at the fucking turnstile.
I don't give a fuck if I was,
if I was going on the road for the for a year that that's exactly what I would
bring.
Never coming home again.
I don't give a fuck.
And you wear black and white.
Johnny Cash wore black,
so they couldn't tell he was wearing the same fucking shirt everyday.
Right.
That's,
and that's how you gotta do what you got to wear dark colors.
You know,
you start walking around dressing all flashy.
All of a sudden you gotta be like Mariah Carey bringing all these Badass old
shit out on the fucking road.
I always think that that's why she's always in such a mood.
You know what I mean?
Should we seems to be talking yet also thinking about something else at the same
time,
I think she's probably wondering,
did I pack those that dazzled red bottom shoes that have my face in diamonds on
them?
Can we talk about divas for a minute?
You know,
is there a reason,
you know why they're vetting all these men out here in Hollywood yet they're
leaving the divas alone.
I mean,
just think about how many phones they've thrown at fucking people that are
probably working for free.
You know,
the amount of time they've slapped people in the face just said horrible things.
At what point are we going to hold the Diana Ross is fucking high heel shoes to
the fire.
That's what I want to know that that's your homework between now and Monday
chamber.
People say that.
That's your homework.
I took a yoga class the other day.
It was fucking awesome.
I went there with my wife,
you know,
and uh,
I actually,
I found this,
um,
this,
you know,
they are,
they have fake mess must statutes.
They actually now have like fake man buns and I actually had a little fucking
velcro strip strip that yeah.
Glued to my head and I stuck it on the back of my head,
my bald head,
and then went there and it was great.
I've noticed say yoga teachers for some reason,
they can't just take you through the fucking class.
They always have to,
for whatever reason,
they always have to tell your fucking story about how they failed during their
life.
And then they remembered,
oh look who's here.
Come busting through the door.
Hey Buddy,
you've got your AC DC high voltage rock and roll.
1975 one's a yawn.
Okay.
I guess they got to put the mic down because somebody wants to hunt.
You have any idea how much I'm gonna miss you over the next couple of days?
Huh?
You know,
that's why I take the earliest flight back so I can see you sing.
You the itsy bitsy spider.
Huh?
About I can sing you some ACTC this morning.
Back in black hit thing.
I bet you know what?
I had to be back without cutting loose.
Probably News,
you know that was,
that was the song for Bon Scott back in black.
Like they were at a funeral.
Um,
all right.
I'm done with the podcast.
What are you guys having for breakfast?
Hi,
you say hi?
Nothing.
A Gol.
Hi.
All right.
I'll be in there in a minute.
Thanks for helping me get to the last 90 seconds of the podcast.
Cutie Pie.
Um,
oh yeah,
we got all,
I got all this rock stuff that I always put her out whenever she,
whenever I dress her,
you know,
they got these things.
I got these Motley Crue onesies.
What is it called?
What does,
what's Somali crew one set of shout at the Devil's shout at your Mama
there.
They're fucking adorable.
What the hell is it called?
They're all like these,
these cute like toddler punts and uh,
the data level of close their kid kids can wear now even as toddlers,
they attended,
they didn't have any of that shit when I was a kid.
We had like Choo Choo trains,
you know,
some sort of cowboys and Indians that just completely ignored the genocide that
happened.
That's what the fuck we had.
We didn't have all these cool rock onesies.
You know what Teddy said,
kick this spoiled today.
Um,
well I need to save this.
I signed up for global entry.
You know,
the Illuminati one step closer to me building my fucking robot replacement when
I answer all these fucking questions.
But,
um,
I just,
I just gotta have it now.
Then I'm bringing my family and I'm fucking proud.
That makes me feel this to say that I actually have a family have to just be in
this isolated psycho stir fucking greatest.
It's the greatest thing ever.
I love going to the mall.
I like going to the park,
pushing my kid on the swing.
I remember looking at people thinking,
I always knew having a kid was cool bass a thinking somebody at some level.
I was sad for those people.
I had it totally fucking wrong.
So anyways,
I'm going to uh,
um,
200 Gig in London,
England,
Dublin and then over to London to in Royal Albert Hall,
which was an absolute dream of mine.
And I'm going to record that night.
Hopefully I'm going to do enough time.
I'm going to make the double album then I'm only gonna put out on vinyl after I
made fun of people that listen to records only on my last podcast.
That's what I'm going to do.
It's what I want to do at Madison Square Garden in that recording got fucked up.
So I'm going to make sure I get it done right.
And,
uh,
I also want to try to get a drum kit there so I can play during the day and hope
they can find some fucking somebody to jam with over there.
Uh,
but anyways,
afterwards I'm going to take a little week off,
um,
over there in Europe and I'm bringing the whole family over.
So when he got a little one flying that far,
it's going to be a frigging nightmare.
Um,
so at the very least,
we can at least blow through the security by giving up a ridiculous amount of
privacy by answering all these questions.
That's,
I,
I just had to do well,
you know what's,
I had to make a sacrifice if so.
Um,
that's it.
That's the podcast.
Once again,
thank you to everybody involved with Dean del Rey's,
a birthday celebration and all of that.
I mean,
that was just,
I,
you know,
I took some video during sound check.
I got to put it up.
You cannot fucking believe how good that band sounded.
It.
They are top notch musicians playing out of all that gear from the late
seventies.
It was,
fuck,
I was getting like goosebumps.
Uh,
I know I took a couple of,
mmm.
I walked out into where the crowd was going to be before they,
they,
they brought everybody in and just listening to those how fucking good they are.
And I gotta tell you too,
Steve Corner,
just watching a professional fucking drummer is just my favorite goddamn up that
closes my favorite thing.
It's just a sec.
How do they make it sound that good?
He was incredible.
Um,
yeah.
So anyways,
I'll try to post some of that.
And after I came down for the sound check,
as I was so nervous that I was going to inevitably fuck up the songs,
which of course I did in a number of areas,
um,
but I plowed through.
But,
uh,
I wanted to make sure I had one more crack at it before the people came in.
But,
uh,
after we were done with the sound check,
mmm.
It was me,
Mike,
Devin,
I think Josh Z.
And we just,
we just started playing.
I started playing some bond of beats and then they just jumped right in.
And Devin started singing and I put the immigrant song up there.
And,
uh,
it was just,
I was so much fucking fun.
Um,
so I hope to continue to do that every other year or whatever the fuck he wants
to do.
And anytime he wants to do it,
if they'll have me on,
I would be honored to be there.
Cause uh,
that really was,
it's perfect.
It's perfect.
My dream of being a stand up comedian and then my dream hobby that I was never
good enough to do professionally clean drums.
It's just fucking awesome.
So a thousand thanks to him.
All right.
With that,
here's some,
here's some music picked out by Andrew Feminists before we give you another half
hour from a Thursday afternoon podcasts from earlier this year or a year gone
by.
I don't know what,
but that's it.
Have a great weekend yet.
Comments.
I'll talk to you on Monday.
[inaudible]
this youtube video of this week,
you really have to watch it.
Okay.
It's one of those showers.
It's basically,
it's a rip off of the view.
It's for broad sitting around and they got,
you know,
the same thing.
You know,
they've got the older one,
they got the sexy one,
they got the one who was fat and then got her fucking stomach tied up like a
goddamn balloon.
Not now she's dropping weight faster than a junkie.
Right.
I don't even know if that's true.
I just looked around,
you know,
they got the racially mixed chicks and they all got on their fucking shoes.
Right.
The little outfits.
Hang on a second.
Somebody's knocking.
I'll let you know what this is.
Yeah.
All right.
You guys aren't going to believe this shit that was security and they just said
that they,
they had a noise complaint
anyways.
You know what some Richard Costs on the other side of the door at the fucking
piece of one of those really fancy classes that they think came from France but
actually came from a fucking pottery barn.
Um,
if you can hear me,
go fuck yourself.
This is what you get for nuke in the economy.
Um,
anyway,
so these four fucking brides are on TV,
right?
And they ended up there talking about that guy that doing that story.
You know that story where that dude got his dick cut off,
man out there.
Brace yourselves because we're about to go there because this woman,
this woman allegedly did,
according to the Orange County DA's office,
Katherine Q.
Becker is accused of cutting off her husband's penis with a knife,
uh,
taking his penis and throwing it into the garbage disposal.
[inaudible]
so talking about that guy who got his dick cut off
his wife,
drugged him,
tied him to a bed,
cut his dick off,
threw it in a garbage disposal and turned it on.
And it was basically because
he wanted to get a divorce from her
police.
Say Becker attacked him because he filed for divorce.
Did she mutilated them?
She ended the guy's fucking life.
And he saw of quality life is over.
Yeah.
And these women are talking about it and lo and behold,
it's fucking hilarious to them.
[inaudible] California,
they had all they could do to keep a straight face during the first minute of
setting up the story.
And then all the jokes come and they're laughing their fucking asses off.
I do think it's quite fabulous.
I mean
[inaudible] cool.
I would've just thrown it in the dog's bowl.
Does a dog have to suffer chewing on an old boat
call?
Remember the Laredo?
It's the funniest fucking thing ever.
And this right here,
it's because of that type of shit.
Then I don't feel that I am misogynistic.
I just don't.
I think that I am just like women.
I trashed women the way they trash guys.
It's just nobody pays attention to the broads.
They don't.
Do you think if a guide mutilated a woman in any shape or form that four guys on
a pregame NFL show would be laughing about it and we'll hear more of that talk a
little bit later as well.
Sharon Osborne was the guest and she goes,
okay,
somebody asked,
do you think that guy deserved?
And she goes,
well,
it depends on what he did.
Did I think I would have just depending on why she caught it all.
I mean it does depend on the reasons why does it
[inaudible]
I'm still pro reason.
Oh,
I'll think of one.
You know,
I made that thought is totally overlaps the thought of those morons in the
Middle East who cut women's clits off.
You know,
it's fucking made evil thought and it's just considered silly.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know.
But it maintains what I've always fucking said,
that women will do it to you exactly what they don't want you to do to them if
you let them.
And I think why so many guys are miserable in marriages is they get married to
fucking young before they really know how to stick up for themselves in a
relationship.
And that's why before you know it,
you're married and all your shit is either in the basement of the garage and
she's barely touching it and a,
and you're wondering what the fuck happened to your life.
Yeah,
I dunno.
The video is,
is going to be up on the [inaudible] podcast.com you know something.
This is actually,
I like this talking like this.
This is very challenging to try and be funny with a late night DJ voice.
All right,
this next chunk of the podcast goes out to the ladies.
Ladies that you're out there and you're singing,
hang in,
there is a date rape or something.
[inaudible]
Hey,
what's going on?
It is,
uh,
Bill Burr and this is the Monday morning podcasts from Monday.
Uh,
I'm going to go with April 4th.
I have no fucking idea what day it is because a,
I'm doing something a unique this week where,
uh,
people have asked me Saint Bill,
you know,
every week,
you do your podcast.
It's just you babbling.
Sometimes it's funny,
sometimes it isn't.
Why don't you have a fucking guest on there every once in a while?
How about a comedian that people,
uh,
people want to know about or already know about wanting to hear his views on
other shit?
So this week,
this is a very special episode of the Monday morning podcast.
While I will be doing it with a,
the one and only Mark Marin mark,
what's going on?
Thank you for having me,
Bill.
I didn't realize that I was actually one of the first guests.
You've never had a guest.
I've had a Joe De Rosa who I do a,
I do a show with on uh,
every,
once every,
I think a leap year we do an episode of this show.
Uninformed.
We used to do it on Xm.
What's a long fucking story?
But so you have to have them on cause he lives in your apartment.
Yeah,
he peaked there.
There you go.
Part of the contract.
It's in his week.
It's basically,
yeah,
he lets me crash when I come back to New York to do a,
to do Caroline's.
He sees the mixer.
I feel bad.
I'm like,
all right,
grab a microphone.
Here we go.
But yeah,
you're the,
you're the first year,
the first one outside of the,
uh,
the family.
You know what you are,
you're Tim Roth and reservoir dogs.
You're the only one.
I'm not sure.
So I ended up with a gut shot.
Yeah.
Laying there in the garage.
The whole fucking movie.
You're going to tell me you're a cop or something towards the end of this.
Oh,
I'm not going to tell you that.
I wish I had that biggest secret.
No.
But basically,
you know what the funny thing is is uh,
uh,
if,
if the audio sounds different,
which means clearer this week is um,
um,
actually this is how I have guests.
This is the only way I do guess on the Monday morning podcast is if they already
have microphones in a mixer.
And then I,
yeah,
I invited mark onto my podcast and I'm like,
I got a rescue pit bull.
I don't want to get sued.
So good half hour into it.
So I'm literally setting in Mark's compound out here.
Yeah.
And you brought your own equipment,
which I thought it was very polite,
but I just automatically assume we just jump on my mix and I you don't think I'm
a gentleman.
I brought my own mixer,
I brought my own mix and then when we sit there and I'm sitting there with my
little stupid fucking travel radio show and I'm like,
I got a mixer and all that.
And then Mark's smiling.
Well you know,
I kind of got that already set up.
You want to use mine?
I got the travel bag,
I got the bag right there for when I have to,
uh,
you know,
had talked to people on the road and hotel rooms and make me feel awkward.
Look,
mark,
I'm not gonna lie to him.
Our relationships on the rocks and I've officially moved in.
You don't realize that.
Oh my God.
No,
I'm fucking with my shit in the car.
That's all right buddy.
If you could just sleep in here and if you know how to run a mixer,
you could help me out.
There we go.
Can I be your assistant?
Yeah,
absolutely.
A lot of people try to move up in this business.
I'm going to try to go backwards.
Can I ask you a question?
Absolutely.
All right.
So I'm in,
I'm in Scotland for the Glasgow Festival for five days and I'm playing pub
basements and I did my one man show it and not in a pub basement,
but in a pub,
uh,
attic and I see posters at you.
Yeah,
they're,
they're betting the big money on Bill Byrd.
I talking to the promoted there.
I'm like,
is he a big drug out here?
And she's like,
I don't know.
We're going to see out of go.
MMM.
I drew like 200 and then they,
they papered another 400 drunk Scott's,
oh,
get him in there at the,
uh,
the king's theater.
But it went great.
You know,
hopefully,
uh,
you know,
I'll come back again.
I mean,
I,
how'd you feel?
I loved it over there.
I had,
I actually,
I talked about on my podcast,
I had a great time because I had a resentment of the Scots and of the UK in
general,
only because the last time I went there I had a bad experience and I,
and I chose to blame them other than myself.
What happened?
Well,
I was in the,
I was in Edinburgh for 30 days doing that fringe festival and I,
you know,
I was a,
are we three months since my wife left me,
I was miserable.
I was broken and I was on a double bill with Kirk Fox that we were brought out
there,
which is a,
the best part of it because they paid for our lodging and everything else.
Usually you have to pay for your own shit and I couldn't give it away.
I mean,
we were drawing audiences of nine and you'll have to two weeks of that.
You're like,
holy crap.
Do you want to kill yourself?
Yeah.
It's like,
it's like open Mike every night.
It's like doing a show in Dedham.
Yeah.
It's like,
it's like doing a show at a bar in Dedham.
Well,
you know what's funny,
dude?
That's why I never did Edinburgh.
I always wanted to go over there,
but it's a fucking month.
Same thing with Australia.
There's some sort of Australia comedy festival and it's like,
what can I go there for 10 days and like,
no,
you gotta be over here for 30 days.
And it's like,
well,
what will that the way they were supposed to do with my fucking life back here.
Yeah.
You just,
you put it on hold,
he gets somebody to watch your dog and you help your girlfriend doesn't run
away.
That's that tiger woods.
Shit I was talking about last week when I went off on his wife.
What,
how can these fucking women who they get like a w w where they ha they,
they married these rich fucking guys yet they don't have a job.
Right.
And then they have kids and they still get help.
They get like a fucking nanny.
There's somebody clipping the hedges.
They should,
they don't do that.
Somebody clipping the kid everything.
Everything.
Yeah.
So I sat at,
so as jokingly just fucking around,
I was saying the reason why I messed around on her is because she's lazy.
Oh.
And it's,
that's a very,
I don't know about you.
That's very untrue on attractive,
uh,
quality old messy.
If you want Ac.
Yeah.
The same shit.
They don't like,
who knows?
I mean,
if you want to talk about entitlement,
you know,
I just found,
because I've had the processes over and over again in terms of,
uh,
in terms of what the whole spousal support thing.
I mean,
my wife didn't that,
you know,
she wrote a book,
she didn't have a job or whatever,
and then afterwards done,
you think you're equals,
but then they're like,
you know,
I want support.
I want this.
And they can exploit that.
That's the saddest thing about fucking divorce is that it's set up so the woman
can break you no matter what.
And the reason I was putting the place might have been in earnest.
I mean,
if you think about people when they first put sport,
spouses are born,
I'm talking without kids,
not alimony,
spousal support.
So grant that if you're married to a woman for 20 years and she's been doing
nothing but making you feel better for your miserable life,
and then all of a sudden it's done because he went and fuck somebody who did
whatever and she's got to enter the world again with nothing.
I understand what you,
she owes a,
you're older,
a little payment to get yourself started,
but if you're married fucking 10 minutes and the chicken is perfectly capable of
doing whatever the fuck she needs to do to make a living.
And then she still busted and takes half your shit.
Shit.
Where it's like,
when it's a good one,
when there's something good on the table that just as good as you and they're
equals and they want their 50% but when it's something bad,
I'm just the girl yet.
That's exactly.
And they get it coming and going because guys want to fuck them.
And that's why the judge,
the judge half the time when he's judging against you,
was thinking he's going to fucking get some action with your ex wife.
My judge towards,
he throws her a little look,
we had little wink just sitting there like,
am I not fucking sitting here?
Oh right.
So I'm married to this woman.
She's a comic.
She's an equal.
We always use a condom.
I was like,
wow,
you're really gonna fucking Yo Yo.
No,
no,
no.
I mean,
I,
I'm not gonna do that.
Look,
I will take my side,
I will own my,
my shit there.
I had an anger problem,
you know,
it took me a long time to learn that,
but I did learn it.
If you're an angry guy,
that means you're probably with somebody married to or living with or involved
in a relationship with someone who's a pain sponge that will deserve,
you know,
absorb your bile and bullshit until they can't take any more.
And then they'll want to be wrung out by somebody else.
But you know,
as an angry guy,
I knew that what I learned is that,
you know,
when you're angry,
you compensate for it in other ways.
You know,
like I used to make her breakfast,
you know,
espresso,
waffles,
pancakes here knowing that me softly weeped in the corner of right.
That's right.
This will make up for it.
But what I learned,
you know,
after,
uh,
after nine years,
there's no number of pancakes are racist.
Shut the fuck up.
Shut your fucking mouth.
[inaudible]
before we get too deep.
But why don't we,
uh,
why don't you back up here for a second Scotland.
No.
Just cause I've known you so long.
You know,
some of my listeners here crosspollinate here,
just so they know,
you know.
Uh,
how long have you been doing stand up where you started out?
let,
let's,
let's get into stand up inside the actor's studio.
I think that the first time,
uh,
you know,
I did stand up,
I was in a,
I was in college,
I did an open mic.
I was in a team with another guy I met in College Guy Steve Brill went on.
They went on stage with,
with,
with another.
Originally we put the,
we put the,
I put my first stand up together.
I always wanted to do it,
but I met this guy in college who,
uh,
we auditioned for something,
catch a rising star at that time it must've been [inaudible] 83 82 83 and that's
what we want to in Cambridge and Boston.
No,
no,
this was the original and that one didn't exist then.
It was the,
Oh,
the original catch.
A rising star that was still up on the upper east side in a,
in New York City.
The original cat green kitchen.
Right,
right.
Okay.
So,
uh,
so they had posted all these signs around my college,
you know,
uh,
catch a rising star live on campus.
They were putting together a show,
like a showcase of college acts,
like new acts.
So,
so we put together this team bit and we auditioned for them,
you know,
in a room and they liked it.
And then we,
we,
uh,
audition for them.
Uh,
what was,
what was the name of it?
Marin and something.
I don't remember if we had a name.
I think it was just Marin and brill.
Uh,
and you know,
it was a series of sketches.
It wasn't even real team.
It wasn't like team comedy.
It wasn't like a straight guy and a goofy guy.
We actually had several different sketches that we did.
I kind of remember them.
They're,
the one sketch was,
uh,
you know,
where the word,
um,
n****r came from.
Oh,
it's Jesus.
You came right out both barrels.
Well,
no,
it was like,
and I hate to say that word even,
you know,
even in the context of,
uh,
of,
you know,
casual conversation even though,
cause I get in trouble for that once,
when,
what?
I was trying to have a conversation about that word with a couple of black
comics and I said the word as I just did now,
and a woman in my audience said,
just the fact that you said it,
I'm,
I'm done with you.
See that's retarded.
I know the word you're not supposed to fucking say.
It's just how like you can't even like that.
That's one year.
Uh,
people who do stuff like that,
it's like they're not even listening to you.
They just have lists of words like these words are good.
Well,
I used towards a bad that there's no like a right,
but I can't integrate tech feeling that she had.
I mean,
you know,
if that word,
no matter what context it is,
makes her co horrendously upset,
then there's nothing I can do about that.
Whether it's right or wrong.
I,
you know,
I can't account for feeling.
So we did that sketch,
which was these two,
uh,
these two guys that were like,
you know,
white guys who were working and they were trying to name the,
the figure out a nickname for the people and it was like diggers and that it was
stupid.
And then we did another one.
We did,
uh,
Neil Armstrong's if Neil Armstrong on the moon,
the first moonwalk,
if you were on acid.
So my buddy played ground control and I play and I was doing the bit where I was
on the most and crushed.
Yeah.
I would give well,
and then we did another one that,
uh,
Japs funeral,
like we did these two Jewish girls who were at a funeral of a friend,
you know,
and they're like,
oh my God,
she looks so thin.
You know,
that kind of shit.
There you go.
You kind of got everybody.
Yeah,
yeah.
We know blacks.
Jews.
Yeah.
So what happens then is that,
uh,
we,
you know,
we auditioned him at the comedy connection.
We go to do it live.
We had done it in a room and they said,
we want to see you live and we bond bond.
It's just like sucking silence now.
What do you think?
Wait a minute.
Waves.
So the first time you ever did it on comedy stage,
now I've always said the first time if I bombed the first time,
I don't know if I would ever have the courage to go back and do it again.
Well then that's a difference between people that are,
are,
are hooked on it and people,
yeah.
People who are born comics and people who are just,
you know,
dabbling is that like really,
if you bond,
you would have done it again.
It would've,
I would've taken me a minute.
I would had it been like,
just the,
the sheer fucking embarrassment of,
uh,
of taking the hit.
Well,
I mean,
you can see these a deal with stand up.
You can still eat it today.
I'm 18 years in,
I,
yeah,
you can eat it,
but this is the thing.
You have years of good shows to be like,
well,
you know,
I know I don't suck at this.
I had a bad night,
but you know right out of the gate.
Oh yeah.
The bad night thing is hard to,
to really get around.
You had,
cause it still hurts me if I bombed,
but when you're up there and know you have this whole idea that,
you know,
uh,
it's,
it's never,
the audience is bullshit.
I mean sometimes it's the audience,
right.
And you know,
like you could fall,
you know,
you've done your shit and you can see where they're peaking laughter wise and
after a certain point that,
you know,
they're not going to go any further than that.
So I'll get after it.
I'm just going to have to realize this is the best I'm going to do in this
situation and either eat it and you know,
and take the hit or,
or make light of the fact.
Yeah.
I've,
I've learned like there's nothing worse than being angry on stage,
but I hurts.
I actually heard a funny story last night.
I was doing a kick and uh,
this,
uh,
this book or Jeff Wills from the,
I know Jeff.
Yeah.
He was telling a story.
He's so one night,
uh,
said Bill Hicks did an entire show with his back to the audience.
It was like a Bachelorette party.
There was every fucking thing you do those,
you know,
those Booker's they love to talk about those stories,
you know.
But if anyone else did that now,
they would never fucking work in that club again.
All these guys pretend like,
you know,
like,
Oh Bill Hicks was the guy and he went on stage and angrily tanked in a brilliant
inspired way most all the time.
But if someone existed like that now he wouldn't have a fucking shot.
It think so.
Absolutely.
Well,
I bet.
I bet he was still selling tickets at that point.
Cause you can't,
you can't,
you can't turn your back on a fucking crowd and ever think that you're going to
work.
I don't think that's true.
I think that the reason he got booked in this country primarily was to,
to make club owners feel like they were,
you know,
they were at least championing something terrific.
Like I think they innately knew this guy was special.
There was no one like him.
And even the fact that he didn't sell tickets or alienated the audience every
time they were going to have him twice a year to keep their content straight.
Oh.
So that could be dicks to everybody else basically.
But just sort of like to,
to at least support that we say knew well enough that he was an inspired guy.
But I've gotten angry on stage.
I did it the other night,
dude,
not in it.
And it would have been a long time because I used to snap all the tabs and say
that's kind of an understatement coming from you.
Yeah.
But,
but that's like me saying I've snapped.
No,
but I,
but you know,
I'm pretty accessible now.
Not all.
Yeah.
Your,
your way,
your way.
Uh,
but it happened at the store,
dude.
It happened at this how long ago?
Two nights ago.
And I,
I go down this whole thing.
Yeah.
Much better now.
Much better enough.
I snapped one time.
What does that have a 48 hours ago?
I couldn't believe I did it.
It's such a different person,
you know,
that place brings it out of you.
Come on.
The comedy store brings it out of you sometimes.
I that's what I love it though.
It's me too.
So fucking so I'm on stage.
It is evil.
It is.
It's just painted on hate.
You know,
you feel the walls wanting you to lose it,
you know it's just in the place.
So I'm on stage,
it's like 40 people in the room and like I'm already like just right when I get
in there.
You have some kid,
that kid David Taylor,
you know that kid,
he's a tall guy,
used to do comedy is very cynical and negative and I just,
I wasn't in the mood for and hadn't seen him in months and I said hi to him and
he goes,
I'm stayed around just to see you.
You better be good.
And so right away I'm like,
I haven't seen you in a fucking long time.
You have no right to fucking talk like that to me.
Enough with the negative shit.
Storm dog getting angry again and marina anchor from and I walked back and made
me feel really good about myself by though,
cause usually I sound like the angry psycho.
I can be like the happy person.
Yes.
We take take a break.
Yeah,
there you go.
Go ahead.
You Go.
All right.
So,
so I get onstage magical one on who I think is just terrific.
I love how he's,
I think he's fucking hilarious.
Totally original to unique stylists,
real storyteller.
He does good,
you know,
and then he brings me up and then,
I'm getting laughs.
There's only like 30 or 40 people in the or and it's going fine.
There's an old couple up front,
the,
you know,
maybe in their mid fifties early sixties.
And they,
if someone talked to him and [inaudible] and they asked him about religion,
I think Neal Brennan did.
And they said they were Jews.
I'm like,
fine.
So I'm doing my show and they're not laughing at nothing.
And I looked at them and I said,
uh,
I'm sorry,
my two filthy.
You want me to talk?
Some political stuff,
you know,
is,
is that what it is?
And then the old man looks at me and goes,
you're not funny.
Yeah.
And I,
and I just had this moment where I'm like,
all right,
dude,
all right.
And I said,
you know what,
I am funny.
I know I'm funny.
I'm doing well with the rest of the audience.
All right.
And,
and I,
I understand what you're saying.
And,
uh,
and then like for some reason I just looked at him,
I said,
but the fact that that's what you had to pull out of your guts to say to me in
this situation makes me fucking hate you.
And,
and the Syrup punchline there,
mark,
now you lose the rest of the crowd,
right?
There's this quiet the room.
And I'm like,
what?
That wasn't funny.
What did I say?
Did Not come out funny now you turn on the rest of them.
All right.
Then I turned on the rest of them
and then,
uh,
and then he goes,
you know,
you asked and I said,
well,
you could've qualified.
Like,
how about you're not funny to me.
All of a sudden you're the god of this fucking room.
You're the Almighty.
You're the one that has the last word.
Fuck that.
Right.
And so that,
and then like I'll you in a bad mood before you got there because you really
little,
cause I gotta say the read of this guy saying y'all not funny sounds to me like
you said some shit that he didn't want to hear.
It was more of a subject thing,
not that it was a general thing.
So then I,
and the rest of the act,
I'm doing my act and everyone's laughing every time.
Everyone else laughed.
I looked at him and I went,
Huh,
Huh.
And then like you know,
at the end of my set and bringing up her in as easy and he,
he stands up with his wife and they walk out and while I'm still on stage
bringing up Steve and I got very powerful statement,
very powerful.
I'll see you later dad.
Ah,
Jesus mark.
Cause that's what I said to him.
I said,
hey,
you know,
it's like every fucking Jewish guy that has that kind of judgment.
That's your rage is just some surrogate for my father.
And I understand,
I'm transparent.
I'm transposing some contempt on you,
but you could have fucking chose a different way.
All right.
Anyways,
Mark Marin here on a Monday morning park.
But that's not fun.
No,
no,
no.
I'm just letting people know I'm acting.
You know what I just did there?
I acted like this was a live show.
I like it.
Like take some color,
like when it takes some time.
We're actually doing this on a Easter Sunday and I,
a mark asked me what I want to do and I said,
I will do it Sunday.
And he goes,
you do realize it's Easter.
And I was like,
yeah,
why I'm going to,
I'm really not into that shit.
But I actually went to church this morning with my,
uh,
with my girlfriend and her and her mom because her mom goes,
so I,
I went with her and a dude.
You should've heard the homily.
Yeah,
that guy was up there.
The homilies basically after they tell one of those you're Jewish,
right?
Yeah.
So after they tell like the uh,
the little Jesus diddy,
yeah,
they have,
they have like an opener.
Yeah.
Tells a couple of little ones than the pre springs at home.
You know,
all dressed up the headliner.
Catholic.
Catholic,
yeah.
Oh yeah.
Raping kids.
The whole thing.
Deaf kids looking confused outside.
Yeah.
How is anyone any adhere to that religion after this?
You can see,
I even told,
I even was talking to some,
some older people,
they were saying the same thing.
Like when the collection thing went around,
I wanted to give money for the fucking car wash or whatever.
But I'm thinking like,
yeah,
but isn't this going to go towards the defense attorney for somebody who did all
the fucking deaf kid?
I'm not giving you any more money.
Sort that out first.
That's right.
And now it's like,
it's not an American thing.
It's also in Europe and it's in the numbers and this has been going on for
generations.
It's almost like it was a contest with these guys.
It's like,
do one doesn't count if you do the same killed twice.
Yeah.
Do you want to be a cardinal?
You've got a dental at least fucking three.
I have a theory about it.
I think I know why,
uh,
that are so many gay,
or pedophile priests because I think that these communities going back hundreds
of years,
certainly in this country,
and I imagine other countries that when a mother or a community saw that one of
their male kids was going the way of the cock and then they started to pick up
that they were feminine.
I mean the communities are the gay thing.
Just,
no,
no.
Wait,
let me go this way.
All right.
I know what,
no,
no.
What I'm saying is that when they saw that happening,
they muscled these kids into the priesthood.
They said that as,
as opposed to live a life of sin as a homosexual,
probably go that way.
Let's push them towards the priesthood.
Now the,
and I'm not saying this will offset the Dick Sucking.
That's right.
And I think what happens a little bit safe and they couldn't do that in the
priesthood.
So I think a lot of them,
uh,
you know,
I'm not saying that they're,
they're homosexual and I know that they're pedophiles,
but I think that the guilt compounded with the idea that they may have been
homosexual and then that actually made them more evil because then they would
prey upon these kids that couldn't say anything that,
you know,
they could terrify and completely control with this horrendous urge.
I have.
I gotta be honest with you,
I have no idea because it fascinates me because like,
um,
I think cause a lot of people out there,
they confuse,
uh,
it being gay with being a pedophile because it is a guy and a boy.
You know what I mean?
So that's completely different yet cause it's like,
alright,
you know,
you could stick me and in that place and say that I can hook up with anybody and
uh,
I'm still not going to fuck a little girl.
You know what I mean?
Adam files.
But I think that that's absolutely true.
But I'm saying that I bet you a lot of them were probably on the,
on the,
on the train.
If they weren't abused by priests themselves.
Now on the train.
That's the thing about those guys is what they've 16,000.
It's like not only you ruined,
you ruin someone's life.
The second you do that,
that childhood is fucking over.
You ruined them.
You blow a hole in their soul,
it's over.
And then this is the thing.
And then they go on to have kids.
And even if they,
even if they don't do anything to them,
it's just,
it detach them.
You generations,
anytime you're talking 16,000 people like that old pro commercial,
they have five kids,
they have five kids.
They're all affected by that.
Oh absolutely.
And you know what?
That they're troubled in laws.
So they're more candidates for the,
for,
for the church.
Yeah.
They,
they,
they become comedians.
That's right.
They're actually creating new lost to people in hopes that they will come back
to the Catholic church.
Yeah.
So I think this,
this priest,
because it was mandated,
all of that shit was kinda opened this week.
This priest,
I guess this guy is kind of like,
he's like the,
the,
instead of the comic's comic,
this guy's like the priest priests,
like in the back of the room to the deacons in the back guys.
Great guys,
great.
No,
but he,
um,
he like,
he's actually admitted that he actually thought about leaving the priesthood for
awhile.
He's actually not,
he didn't say why,
but today during his homily,
when he's surmising the Jesus story,
he said something.
He goes,
you know,
um,
a lot of people look at this religion,
you know,
look at our religion like we do.
We say the,
uh,
the,
the wafer is the body of Christ and the wine is his blood.
And they think that's nonsense.
A lot of people think that because we think that Jesus dwells in all of us,
that that's nonsense.
That he kept going,
just kept talking about major cornerstones of the religion and people thinking
was nonsense.
And I was sitting there going,
oh my God,
this is like the fucking Domino's pizza moment where they finally admit that
their pizza sucks.
Remember that?
Hold like,
dude,
fucked up.
We're not recording.
No,
we are recording,
but I thought,
I think,
see,
this is why we should have used [inaudible] out to me.
One.
Okay.
We're okay.
Yeah,
there was a little jump there.
I apologize.
I think we're okay.
I thought I had the metro really freaked on me.
We just actually,
literally for the first time and the two and a half years of the Monday morning
podcast,
it came.
It's stopped.
It never stops.
It's alive.
Goddamn show.
I just wanted to make sure that wasn't it.
Oh yeah.
He thought he thought the metronome was on.
That would be bad.
My bad.
I,
so he was body of Christ and he's sitting there.
He's having like the Domino's pizza mom,
you know where they,
they admit that their pizza sucked after all these years.
Yeah.
And then they still try to put out a fucking large pizza for five bucks.
What do you think?
It's gonna Taste like idiots.
But he somehow spun it around where a,
it was,
it was the clothes.
You know what he's doing?
He's actually telling the truth,
the way he can tell the truth without having it be a national scandal.
Just going,
I can't explain the way he did the guy.
He's fucking good.
I got a medic,
I got to admit it.
David tell was a priest.
Yeah,
he got Ya.
I was like this guy,
this guy is good.
Look and I,
I got into it this way last week with like,
I used to do this,
this,
this section on,
on the podcast called old g h and I would talk about,
uh,
a religion and you know,
for the most part,
you know,
I was saying that they,
they,
ah,
I can't even get into it,
but every once in awhile people listen to the old podcasts where I was kind of
trashed and organized religion and they come at me and they drive me fucking
nuts because they just make grand statements.
Like you're,
like I said,
you know,
I went like,
I went to church for the first time,
15 years,
like a month,
like two months ago.
Right.
And when I went it was like,
I didn't like what they were saying,
but there was a feeling I had,
I liked the sense of community.
And then what they do is they go,
yeah,
that feeling you will feel and how much Jesus.
Yeah,
yeah.
They always got it.
They'd like,
they own that fucking feeling.
So then I'm sitting there going like talking about their fucking stories that
don't even make sense.
Adam and eve forget about how,
you know their,
their kids would then have to fuck and then we'd be all descendants of retarded
children.
Right.
They,
they,
they don't even address the dinosaurs.
I'm like,
what about the dinosaurs and all that?
Never addressed that.
They always just,
they never in the emails back and forth.
They will never address the fucking point.
You May,
they just spend it all off into other states.
Okay.
Jesus is waiting for you and all this type of shit.
And it just,
it drives me fucking nuts.
And then I,
I show them were science like this is what I can't stand the,
they'll attack scientists and say what they're saying is wrong until they can't
fucking deny it anymore.
Like the fact that the,
that the sun doesn't go around the earth and after,
if they've tortured and killed fucking people,
then what they do is then they embrace it and then they act like it's theirs and
they're like,
well,
who made the scientist?
Jesus made the scientist.
Sure.
And it's like,
it's just a spin thing and they just hold onto their beliefs until becomes
irrefutable and then they,
sorry.
It's sort of like those people like,
well,
how I am now,
what I always thought was fascinating is that these cults,
you remember years ago there was more of them where you'd have this called where
the leader would say,
the world is going to end on this date.
Tomorrow's the day.
Yeah.
And they get these,
these,
these followers frothing that and like ready,
prepared.
They're underground,
they're in bunkers,
they're going to go,
they're all strapped in and then the day comes and it passes and it doesn't
happen.
I would love to be at that sermon.
Yeah.
Because then it's sort of like,
well,
you know,
it doesn't mean it's not going to happen.
And now that we've got all this underground infrastructure,
yes,
that's right.
He's testing.
Let's start a mushroom farm.
Let's use this.
Yeah.
Now that we're in the basement,
I just don't understand how they read.
You read,
bought,
tell you why.
Because you've got,
people are so fucking stupid.
They're stupid.
That's true.
Yeah.
You got it.
But you're seeing that now,
even outside of religion,
even in politics,
that because there's so much information out there,
people,
here's what,
here's what really fascinates me is they will believe what they believe and you
can't shake their beliefs even with facts,
because now,
because there's so much information because the internet,
they can just go,
well,
that's your version.
That's,
that's the spin the truth.
Yeah.
The facts are the spin and that they,
you know,
that you can believe that,
but you're wrong.
No.
Do it.
That drives me.
It drives me nuts in it.
And then they'll just like,
at one point,
uh,
I,
I'll go like,
and like you guys have persecuted science.
Like basically my,
my,
my theory is that science is religion for intelligent people forward thinking
people and religion is science for morons because whatever they can explain,
they just invent fucking bushes talking to people.
Sure.
And albatrosses or whatever the fuck they have.
Conspiracy theories are the same way and this is what they ended up saying.
She ends up riding back.
Well actually science has proven the Bible correct over and over again.
So I'm like,
okay,
what's the,
where's the followup statement to support that?
Nothing.
Yeah,
there's nothing.
there's nothing,
there's no,
no followup statement whatsoever.
All they do is they just,
they,
they collect.
I can actually sit here and prove to you that the fucking earth goes around the
sun because of scientists.
I'm too fucking stupid approval,
but it actually on makes sense.
None of this shit can be proven on paper.
And,
and then when,
when you show stuff that can be proven on paper that disproves their shit,
then they do that show.
Well,
God created the scientist.
He created the paper that they wrote it like,
yeah,
they just sort of short circuit.
I actually find I tapped out in that moment.
I was like,
you know what?
I get it now.
You,
you,
no matter what I say are going to believe what you're going to say and I'm never
going to convince you that's right of the way that I think so fuck it.
So I'm done with it.
Well we always,
the funny thing I'm dealing with it.
Yeah,
you can't,
you can't go to it.
There's no reason to go to war with those people because belief is impenetrable
no matter how delusional they are.
It's based in complete ignorance and it's something,
it's something outside of,
of intelligent.
Yeah.
But this is one I don't care cause I bought into it when I was a kid.
We were scared and I,
I was,
I was listening to us scared and then also thinking like,
Oh I,
and some of this is good.
It was like my fucking house.
It was like my life.
Some of who was good,
some was bad,
but then it just got to a point where it's like,
this shit doesn't make sense and it's so loud in your head you can't ignore it.
And I don't understand I,
well that's because there's a real fucking arrogant statement.
I'm going to say only.
Yeah,
you gotta be a moron to just continue to,
uh,
to,
to block it out.
That's the difference between free thinking and,
and thinking based in fear.
You know,
cause like the way it works in my mind is,
well,
if the world is a scary place,
everything is,
is serendipitous.
Who the hell knows when you're going to get hit by a truck?
Who knows when the earth is going to fall into the sea or start shaking?
No one knows anything.
There's very little,
there's very few things we have control over in our life.
Just is,
I mean you,
you know how this,
this garage could slide down the hill at any second.
Who the hell knows very few things out of our,
are in our control almost nothing right now.
Depending on how frightening that is.
Even if you understand everything in,
in,
uh,
you know,
proportionately,
like,
you know,
the,
the possibility of this happening versus that having,
even if you're scientific about the,
the how,
how,
how much fate has to do with our everyday life,
that is not completely comforting.
So depending on how overwhelmed you are,
right.
Oh,
that I taught I,
yeah.
So,
so I believe on some level,
the need to believe or feel like you're part of something bigger than you to,
to sort of justify your existence or make you feel comfortable in the world is
probably almost genetic.
I just feel that,
that the way communities function or whatever,
but you know,
you can make it your community,
you can make it a,
your television,
you can make it sports,
whatever the hell it is.
There's part of our brain that wants to be part of a bigger thing in order to
feel that were significant.
Thank you.
Just go in the ground and I'm comfortable with that because that's a whole
different thing.
I'm going to be right,
but I'm just talking about the need to believe now.
You know what,
you're gonna be able to grow unbelievable potatoes.
That's fine with my Irish DNA in the soil.
But I think that the people that whose wives are so fucking miserable that they
can't even fathom post us happy go lucky [inaudible] we got a lot to be grateful
for.
We do.
Doesn't mean we appreciate it.
That's true.
But,
but,
but the,
I think there's some people that handle it and,
and the idea of heaven to them,
which is I agree with you,
is ridiculous and,
and frankly boring.
I mean,
the idea that we live forever,
I,
you know,
I can barely get through this one and the,
and the idea that,
and the idea that like it's going to be better because nothing boredom.
Oh my God,
that doesn't even make sense.
Like if it's absolute fucking euphoria forever,
it would get boring.
Oh my God,
they would get boring.
And that's like,
at some point you'd be like,
can I get a day pass to hell?
I want to fucking good time.
It'd be the hell would be like Vegas in heaven till one.
Are you going?
I'm going to hell for three weeks.
I got some time off from this tedious fucking happy bullshit.
I want to be able to feel happiness again.
Let me on fire for fucking three weeks so I can appreciate it.
Got It.
Go.
Have you been to the fifth ring?
Awesome.
Oh,
do it.
It's great.
Yeah.
We went there with a wife and I went,
it was tremendous.
They had great performance.
You'll all the comics went to hell.
So they're all there.
You got to go to the fifth ring.
It's tremendous.
Great shows.
Great.
Show me the heck.
Not even the hacks.
You can see Houdini there.
It's amazing,
dude.
Speaking of that Shit,
you know,
I did a,
like I did a theater,
uh,
what was it?
The San Jose Improv recently and he allegedly performed there and all these
guys.
It was fun.
It was a classic old theater that had,
had gone through that hundred year of history of like the most beautiful thing
ever.
And people flocked in an opulent place.
Slowly deteriorated to like a porn porno movie.
People jerking off and somebody like Jackie Onassis put some money together and
they fucking revive it.
Got a colorful history of corruption in filth.
Oh yeah.
Great.
Absolutely.
So I show business should,
yeah.
So I went to,
I did the,
uh,
the Gibson amphitheatre last night for a,
that the Kevin and being show a radio show under this cancer.
I remember when,
uh,
being was in,
what was the name of the comedy team?
Steven Bean.
Chrissy Zito.
And being from Boston,
is that right?
Yeah.
Fuck,
you did not even know that.
Yeah.
Chris bean or Steve Zee,
I always heard of by her.
Yeah.
Those guys used to kill.
That's that.
That's them.
Okay.
To opt you up,
put you up at you,
but you up.
They used to open with a Jew,
Dah,
Dah.
He's a wop.
Yeah.
That was either being,
yeah,
that was the fucking eighties,
man.
That was before.
Uh,
when,
when did you start?
Well getting back to me after I did the team thing,
I was more thinking how chew up a dude [inaudible] would actually get a laugh.
Well No,
no,
I ignored the think that shit.
We were talking about the up the other night we were looking at a particular
comedian going,
you know what?
If this is a fucking eighties this guy would be famous by now because it just
seemed everybody back then completely subjective.
If you have like if you had any sort of a character,
the glasses you're wearing,
if you always wore those on stage,
if you did three then three evening at the Improv classes.
Yeah,
but you can't even get a pair of glasses.
It doesn't look like this.
Now believe me,
I don't want to surrender to the horn rims,
but you really,
you really have to struggle and fight to find something different.
Right now buddy Holly's there.
They're everywhere.
I mean some version of them.
I used to wear round glasses member and a and I,
I can find out anybody about you.
Yeah.
You've got that whole rock star look.
So when you wore the round ones,
you had the John Lennon looking now,
now you're looking a little buddy Holly and the crickets.
That's all right.
I,
I'd rather be a Peggy sue than,
uh,
than uh,
no,
that's not true.
They're,
they're both good.
I'm not going to take anything away from John Lennon,
but speaking of the eighties was just quicker cause I feel like I left it
hanging.
Is that after I did the team thing,
you know,
he graduated and went on to direct Adam Sandler movies.
I,
you know,
I wrote a whatever it Steve Brill did.
Um,
but I,
I stayed in Boston and I started on my own.
I started at play,
played against Sam's in the basement doing open mics.
What?
Kenny Rogers than everybody else.
In my last year of college,
I was doing open mikes that summer and I drank myself almost to death and was
waiting on my lungs.
Have those stories when you bring up Kenny?
Yeah.
Well I,
I mean not with him,
but I used to just wait.
You mean back then you had to wait to go on until everyone else was done for
three people.
I couldn't take it.
And then when I graduated college,
I moved to Hollywood.
I became a doorman at the comedy store.
I was there for a year and then I hit the wall and drugs and I went back to
Boston,
started over ketchup.
Wait a minute.
Slow down here.
Let's do this.
Do the behind the music here.
Mark Marin.
A lot of people know that story.
No,
you'd want to put it out there again.
Oh No,
I don't care.
But I mean,
the people who know me know why I came out to,
after I graduated college,
I already had a pretty good,
uh,
coke monkey on my back.
So I drove out here.
I moved in,
I was in Culver city.
We live in with Steve.
Just out of curiosity,
did you start before the ad campaign?
Uh,
cocaine,
the big lie.
Oh,
of course.
I started,
I started moving when the ad campaign was a coke.
It's good for you.
Yeah.
It was no more addictive than a caffeine.
Good Times.
We were all doing it.
So I come out here and I move into a place in Culver city with Steve Brill,
that guy,
we wrote a screenplay and that I never wanted to talk to them again cause we're
is unbearable.
And then,
uh,
I auditioned at the store,
to,
you know,
to see if I could start doing comedy and Mitzi senior,
funny you can be a doorman.
So,
uh,
so I immediately moved into Crest Hill and I was a doorman in 1987.
Tennyson was,
uh,
it was just starting to come to break and I net you suck.
Why met Carl and Carl was Sam's best friend and he,
uh,
yeah,
he gave me a watch and said,
you're good people.
When Sam comes back,
I want you to meet him and you don't know the story.
I'll tell it to you.
So,
uh,
I can tell you stick.
Tell him no,
no,
I'm not,
I haven't done it that much.
And certainly people on your podcast might not know that people that don't
listen to both of ours,
but they know if they know Sam Kennison.
Oh,
of course.
My favorite.
Is this a cell phone fucking moment?
I want to,
I'll tell you,
it's a great story.
All right.
Uh,
so like I,
you know,
I didn't really know that much about Canada.
Soon when I got there,
I'd seen him once or twice,
but I had really dismissed him as this novelty act,
you know,
this screaming guy and I,
I,
I wasn't here nor there with them.
So when Carl said,
I'll meet,
introduce you to Sam,
I didn't know what that meant.
So Sam comes and you know,
in the car,
I was like,
this is,
that guy's talking to you.
He's talking about he's the new head doorman.
And Sam was like,
Guy,
the doorman.
So you're,
you're the new guy,
you know,
am I?
Yeah,
yeah.
And he's like,
yeah,
we should hang out and talk.
And I'm like,
all right,
so,
so I'm living in Crest Hill,
so he knows that place too,
right.
So the first night I ever hang out,
Sam Kennison,
he,
you know,
he comes up to Cresco,
which is that house Mitzi used to own.
And I'm staying there,
you know,
and guys used to live there.
A lot of people that,
yeah,
that's that classic house.
Just to tell my listeners,
know when comics,
like you would move out to La,
if Mitzi tapped you on the shoulder and knighted you,
you then moved into this house where you had to pay rent and also drive the
fucking jeep and take,
you know,
get her chickens.
Yeah,
totally,
totally.
But like the amount of Comedians who live there.
Oh yeah.
Dice with their,
the Todd was there to mio,
this was a tricky thing to mio Tookie who used to date,
Sam was a Japanese comic.
I don't know what happened to her,
but she lived upstairs.
You know,
I lived in dices old room.
Uh,
Todd wasn't moved in yet.
I'm trying to think of who Todd limits.
He,
he later went on to have,
he used to call himself that Todd and eventually had some sort of aneurysm and,
and you know,
showed up at the club saying,
you know,
years after Sam died saying Tim's come in and you know,
he was sent to Florida.
But I,
but if that's a Shubert lived there for awhile places evil.
Yeah.
Oh,
definitely.
Definitely.
So,
so what happens is I'm living up there and,
and uh,
and Sam says,
you know,
let's go up to the house,
and this is the way it worked back then.
It's Monday night,
uh,
in the late eighties was no cover night and all the rooms were free.
So all the freaks from Hollywood and everywhere came to the store on Monday
night.
And that was Sam's night.
He would show up at about 1130,
12 o'clock on a Monday,
take over the stage in the main room,
which was just filled with rock and roll drug freaks and just say,
this is like hair,
metal,
hair,
metal.
There's all different kinds of hair metal though,
end of towards the end of hair metal.
Yeah.
So like,
you know,
the people that would come to the club where it was pretty spectacular,
and I was a doorman and at that time that people,
ut on stage where people like dice,
Damon Wayans Kennison,
uh,
prior was still coming by occasionally.
Christ.
Um,
you know,
so I was just,
I just entered this world,
right?
So Sam says,
let's hang out.
So we go up to the house,
it's just me and Sam were doing coke.
He pulls out all this coke and we're just sitting there and he's like,
so you're the new guy,
you know,
June this year.
And he's looking right in my face.
He's like,
look,
me in the eyes mayor,
and a lack of men who can look me in the eyes.
And I'm like,
Holy Shit.
All right,
I'm looking right.
So we're sitting there doing coke and I thought I was Mr Rock and roll.
I can handle coke's.
I'm doing coke with Sam and he's laying out the world,
you know,
as Sam,
Deq and the thing,
I cannot tell you how it works here from Aaron,
you know,
and then like,
out of nowhere he goes,
Hey Marin,
you ever,
he ever burned money?
And I'm like,
no.
And he's like,
let's burn some money.
So Sam pulls out these hundred dollar bills and we start burning money at Sam's.
I'm figuring fuckhead.
Yeah.
Okay.
What's burned some money.
We're sitting there burning money and we're getting fucked up.
It is about three 34 in the morning and we're at a coke and Sam's wasted and I'm
kind of wasting.
So like when you buy a yacht and money too?
No,
he,
yeah,
he shouldn't have done that to me cause I called that back later and he wasn't
that happy about it.
I mean,
I made them do like the way this,
I'll tell you what happens.
This is the first night.
So he's like,
we're at a coke,
let's go get some more coke.
And I'm like,
all right,
I don't,
I don't know where we're going until we get in my car.
I'm driving like pretty much one of the biggest stars in comedy through the
Hollywood hills at like three 30 in the fucking morning.
He's half passed out in my car.
Like,
can,
I'm trying to like,
where are we going?
Where are we going?
He like,
he like wakes up and he goes,
I don't even know you.
You could kill me.
And I'm like,
well,
where are we going dude?
So we ended up at this guy's house at this point is he stopped being Sam Kinison
and it's become some annoying guy that you're partying with?
No,
he is still,
he was really good at staying in still Sam.
Okay.
Even when he was like swapping,
you know when it got pathetic,
he still held onto that thing and it was always sort of men.
It's ever burned money.
Dude.
I started too fucking late in this business.
So,
so we fun was gone through.
We'd get to this guy's house,
this guy who as as time went on,
I real,
I grew to know was a hairdresser by day,
but with Sam's coke dealer at the time and it's out on,
it's,
that was down on crescent heights.
It wasn't that far from the store.
So we knock on this door,
this guy shows up at the door in his bathrobe,
clearly woke them up from sweeping.
I got salaries,
we need to go and we barrel into this guy's house and we're in this guy's
bedroom and Sam just sits on the floor,
crashes on the floor,
he goes,
got any,
you got any booze?
And,
and this guy was like,
I just got these miniatures I got on the plane.
So now Sam is sitting there with these like severe enough bottles of vodka
drinking the Smirnoff.
You look like a giant,
like he should have been surrounded by the rock and roll people going
and then like,
you know,
he passes out in this guy's floor and you know,
the guy gives me the coke,
you know,
I end up paying for it and then I go out there,
an Asian guy throwing fire fireworks and on it should've been,
it should've.
So I'm like,
well,
I don't know what the hell to tell you I'm going to take off.
I guess you'll deal with him.
He's like,
you're not fucking leaving them here.
I don't want him to pull a Belushi on me.
And I'm like,
what?
Oh fuck.
So now I've gotta like get him up and walk him out and throw them in the car.
And he was big and I get them back to the house.
We go in,
he doesn't even do the coke.
He ends up crawling on the floor in the living room and just lay it on the floor
and passing out,
which is something he did a lot because that house became the party house eats
raped in the scarves and 12 fucking head wraps.
Not yet.
I mean this is early Sam.
So it was still just a trench coat and the cap dude,
this is not,
this is pre rock and roll.
Sam.
He's,
I don't have any story that can match this.
[inaudible] the falling out was,
was the better story.
I mean cause like that year,
well how does that night then he just passes out,
you passes out and then,
you know,
he wakes up and then,
we'd,
we'd build this bond.
I get sucked into the Kennison and entourage and I'm now like,
you know,
doing my graduate work and cutting coke for Sam Kennison and,
and it was my job at that point to organize the party.
Like Sam would do this every Monday night.
It became very taxing because I knew he was coming in.
What would happen is he'd show up in the fucking party would start and like you
show up at the store,
he'd give me a couple of hundred bucks and I'd go by all the booze and
cigarettes and mixers that everyone needed to bring up to the house.
So I would get into this pattern.
After a while I knew how long the party could go on for.
It could go on for two or three days.
You 15 years.
I didn't,
I had no idea.
You did this stuff.
Yeah.
So like,
so I used to get this shit so I'd go buy all this booze,
but I know what would happen is that he'd show up with 20 people and then come
day two or three.
It just be me and Sam and some freaks like you know,
you know,
it ended up like eight people.
So I would hide the liquor all around the house.
Now when you up for the three days that mark for,
how the fuck did you write any jokes?
Well,
I was only working the belly room and you know,
we were all in the,
and we were on the,
in the comedy store at school in the same school where she's like,
you know,
you lived your life as hard as possible when you got up there and you fucking
did the work.
Well there's other newer comedians resent you that you,
you got into the Sam's because like at that time,
you know,
it was like,
who the fuck would want to be in that entourage?
I mean at that time,
you know,
the,
the guy who used to be Mitsis assistant was like,
uh,
you know,
he used to call us some Nance and family because you know,
Sam was like this weird charismatic freak that dwelled in the underworld.
In most of the comics.
There were,
you know,
were sort of like,
just working comics.
I mean,
he was one of a kind.
That's what always blew my mind.
If I can just stop this for just half a second was where did guys like Seinfeld
fit in?
Cause he was around during that time.
Like,
I just can't imagine like that universe where there was like a level of partying
.
He wouldn't,
he would just come in.
But he was singular in that,
you know,
he,
he was,
you know,
he celebrated it.
I mean,
there's a lot of comics as you know,
and as we all know that had their abusive substance of problems,
but you know,
they would try and hide it and just do their job.
There were plenty of hacky comics that were fucked up on drugs,
but the fact that Sam had to live the life as the beast,
like out of the beast,
he had the honor it.
So he was the first one that,
that was shameless about it.
And then you'd see all these other comics that you,
I don't need to drop names or mention names where they'd come around and,
you know,
they'd hang out and do some well,
but they wouldn't want to be tagged with it.
You know,
there was a lot of guys that would hang out and do coke and be like,
you know,
don't tell nobody,
you know.
I mean,
I saw a lot of that.
I mean there are certain people that would come up and party with us and we
weren't allowed to do drugs.
Like one time Ted Nugent was hanging around and Sam was like,
no drugs because Ted's gleaned.
So we had to sit there and I'll behave ourselves for the three hours at Nugent.
Sat there and talked,
told me wild boar stories.
Well he sent me,
still hold court at this house.
So I'd go out and stock up the place and set up the party and then he'd come up
with all his freaks and then it just,
a lot of times I'd end up just me and him and two or three people and eventually
I started to lose my mind and I wasn't progressing as a comic,
I was losing a lot of weight.
I was sleep deprived,
I was driving poor fuckers to the airport and Mitsis when they had to go play
the dunes because that was part of my,
my job to work at the store was to drive the guys to the airport.
I remember one time I was driving,
you know,
Mendoza and camp and naira to the,
to the Burbank airport because they had to go play the comedy store that was at
the dunes at that time.
And I'd been up all night and there was no gas and I could've killed those
fucking guys.
A Christ.
So like,
so what ultimately started happening,
I started losing my mind,
you know,
you get to sleep deprived,
too much drugs.
He started to hear voices,
start hearing voices in your head and you know,
and you're,
you're a conspiracy guy.
I had a mystical conspiracy organized around Sam and Hollywood and how I,
you know,
like I used to do this bit about how like,
I thought I was special.
I didn't think it was a sickness because you know,
when you hear voices in your head,
it's never one.
It's always many.
And you spend a lot of time trying to get them to pick a fucking leader.
You know,
if someone's got something to say and step to the front of the head,
I need instructions.
So I'm losing my mind and thank fucking God.
You know,
uh,
shit hit the fan.
Uh,
ultimately after almost a year of this living like this,
you know,
uh,
Sam had a know he,
you know,
every week for a year you were up for three days straight.
And totally once I got out,
unless I went out,
well y'all,
Tim now to through dia two days,
but you'd have to take breaks.
I mean,
it wasn't,
he'd go on the road.
I mean,
it wasn't that steady,
but you know,
it was part of a cycle because even when he was gone,
we were all hopped up and,
uh,
like he'd do weird shit,
you know.
I mean,
the one time,
you know,
there's this chick,
I remember one night at the table,
there was some girl like sitting at the table,
you never knew who showed up there.
And I started to get that creepy feeling like someone's going to die and it
might be me because there was too much weirdness going on up there.
And I remember one night like,
um,
some chick was at the table and she had a bandaged wrists,
you know,
and I didn't know when she was all wasted and like,
uh,
you know,
so I said,
why is your risk bandage?
And she goes,
well,
I tried to kill myself.
And I said,
well,
why don't you do the other wrist?
And she does,
cause I didn't want to fuck up my watch.
And I'm like,
what?
And then she,
she goes,
I just remember.
So like she goes into the other room and passes out in a couple of hours later,
sparky comes out to me and goes,
I think Sam pissed on that girl.
And I'm like,
what are you talking about?
And be like,
she was laying and Todd's Ben,
there was piss all over the place.
And Sam at this weird thing where occasionally he pissed on things.
It was just,
he was weird.
So this is really killing my Sam Kinison all right,
go ahead.
Well,
here's the,
here's the story though.
I like,
I didn't know he did the drugs.
I just don't need to know the peeing.
Well,
this is the,
this is the punchline of the story and I know,
I apologize if people have heard this story,
but it is sort of comedy lore that interests you.
Okay.
They used to be this guy that hung around the comedy store.
He was a satanist.
He,
his name was Dave London and uh,
I'm,
I should fictionalize his name.
His name was Dave.
I don't know.
It's too whatever.
So this guy had like a Pentagram tech I,
you said his whole name and then he goes,
I'm going to fictionalize it.
And he just said,
just his real first time.
Yeah.
I'm just trying to help out.
I don't want to hurt anyone's feelings or get myself in trouble.
So this guy had a pentagram tattooed on his heart.
He had six,
six,
six on his arm.
He had the mark of the Illuminati on the other arm.
He looked like Christopher walk and he was a dope fiend and he used to hang
around the store and we couldn't get rid of them.
You now the story is that attracts these fucking people in there.
There,
there,
there will be.
There's no,
that's just that open hallway where people just did.
But it's also,
it's a psychic drain for fucking dark,
weird people.
You know,
it's a home that it's for the,
for the people who don't fit in,
fit in at the store,
you know,
which is why I love it so much.
But this,
you guys used to hang around and Sam hated him.
I don't,
I never knew really why?
So one night,
you know,
a couple of nights,
I can't remember if it was a couple of days before his HBO special premiered.
Uh,
you know,
he brought all his guitars and shit.
He played guitar up to the House and we had this big jam session and out on the
patio.
It was great.
Sam brought him up.
Sam,
just setting up the story and you know,
he took off and I'd put all the equipment in my bedroom because Sam,
do you want to take it home?
So a couple of nights after that,
we have a party at the house,
you know,
Sam's up there and this Guy Dave,
the Satan shows up and we're all doing drugs and it's getting weird and they're
sitting at the table and everyone,
he's holding court.
Sam isn't in Dave's there in a few other people.
And,
and Dave,
the Satan says,
you know,
like they're getting into it about satanism like,
it's like the beast versus the mini beast.
It was ridiculous.
And then Dave goes,
I'm going to tell the Anton levay about you.
You're not a real satanist.
And Sam just like stands up.
And this was a common tactic he used in fighting.
He stands up,
he throws a drink in this guy's face and pops him.
Oh,
that's good.
Yeah.
That's like the old throw salt and the guy that does it.
Sand.
Yeah.
And there's a fight.
There's a scuffle.
And then,
you know,
and then I'm like,
I break it up in,
Dave's all fucked up and all the other people in the room are freaked out.
And Dade,
the Satan is his shirts all ripped up.
And I'm like,
you gotta get Outta here,
man.
Needs you to got to get out of here.
You've got to get out of his face.
He's like,
I'm not fucking,
we even fuck that.
And I'm like,
well I got to leave cause I gotta pick up a buddy of mine at the airport.
I don't know what the hell to do it yet.
So I lock him in my room.
I locked him in my room with the guitars.
That sounded like a good idea to me.
Right.
So I have to leave because my buddy's flying in and I told him I'd been hanging
out with Sam and this guy was high right now.
Oh,
of course I will always high.
So I got to go pick my buddy up at the airport and I'd been telling him all
about Sam,
you know,
and,
and this guy was in Boston and he's like,
yeah,
I used to do coke with him too.
And he was excited to come out.
So I pick them up at the airport,
we go to his hotel and I'm like,
I want to stay out there.
I don't want to go back tonight.
I'm going to crash at the hotel.
So I crashed at the hotel.
All right.
And then we drive back to the house,
you know,
me and my buddy in the morning,
all right,
God.
And we walk in and it's like,
you know,
if I walk into my room and it's been,
it,
the door had been kicked in,
the beds all fucked up,
all the equipments gone.
And I'm like,
Oh fuck.
What happened?
That walk into the living room and there Sam sitting with two or three other
people,
a weird mix of people and they'd been at it all night,
you know.
And I walk in and I'm with my friend and I'm like,
this is my buddy bill and Sam just sitting there.
He goes,
Marin,
I pissed on your bed.
You want to know why?
And I go,
yeah,
I do want to know why Sam.
He goes,
cause you let that Evie,
it's sweep with my guitars.
And I know that apparently I turned to my friend bill and I said,
I told you I knew him.
That was the last time I ever slept in that bed.
And I,
and then I,
that was,
I did the guy fuck up his guitars and everything like that.
Oh,
we didn't do anything.
Sam just had his fucking freak out.
You know,
it's manic psychotic cocaine for guy.
I don't know what the hell transpired,
but I never signed,
knew him.
I never slept in that bed again.
A couple of days later I snapped at the store in,
lost my shit and I packed up everything.
I went up to the coke dealer who was not the,
the hairdresser at this point.
He was just Palestinian dude who was kind of scary.
And I said,
I don't get it,
man.
I'm kicked out of the group,
What the fuck am I gonna do?
And the coke dealer,
Shit,
you gotta get Outta here,
man.
You got to start your own thing.
And when the drug dealers telling you to leave,
yeah.
You gotta lead.
Yeah.
So I pack up my car,
I gave away everything and go find Jesus son back up my car.
And I think I'm hearing voices and um,
you know,
and I,
and I leave,
I leave,
I call my brother and two sides and I'm fucked up.
I'm coming to stay with you for a few days.
Do I get straightened out?
I got to go clean up.
And,
uh,
you know,
is this Christ you sound like slash yeah.
Well,
so fucking unbelievable.
I was 21 years old,
dude.
I was 21 old and I,
can I
just pause for one second now all you guys,
uh,
who,
no one,
you know,
listen to this podcast a lot and I talk about my early days of stand up.
I swear to God,
Mark,
when I started stand up in Boston,
Massachusetts,
I started the two,
well,
the amount of,
of headliners,
I would say like 65% of the headliners that I work with in my first three years,
they're opening line to their set was so,
uh,
I've been sober for six months.
Yeah.
Everybody was in fucking Aa.
Everybody had cleaned up.
And half of those guys were,
um,
were,
what should gum dude on the Mike there,
the,
uh,
half of those guys were like,
um,
uh,
like their,
their wages were getting garnished by the IRS because they were making like four
for granted.
Those guys like Sweeney and uh,
you know,
I don't want to name names here.
That's one of the things on the podcast.
We don't name names,
I've got to tell you that shit.
So they,
they basically,
yeah.
Like these guys had fucking,
you know,
they'd be making four grand cash every fucking weekend for 10 years and didn't
pay a diamond taxes.
Right.
And then all of them basically couldn't leave Massachusetts unless they got a
written note from the IRS.
Yeah.
Or some shit.
So by the time I came in,
the rebellious thing to do was to go on stage sober.
Oh.
If it was kind of,
well maybe I should even say rebellious.
It was the norm.
So when I came in and the guys I started out with,
and I'll mention names here just because I'm not saying anything bad,
but I started off with Dane and Patrice and like those guys just didn't drink.
And I came from a,
like me and my friends,
we were a bunch of booze bags.
Yeah.
And when I came in,
they didn't drink and I saw how fucked up these guys were,
you know,
who messed up.
Yeah.
And,
and you know,
and some of them had some regret,
not all of them,
but some of them were there.
I should have done that yet.
So I immediately equated with,
oh,
getting fucked up is stupid.
And so I started my whole career,
I started off,
you know,
work totally clean.
And I went and I was,
and I was totally sober.
And then a fucking,
this year I had to actually go on the wagon for like two and a half months.
I Dunno what happened.
Touring,
touring did it to me.
No,
if it breaks you down,
it's a tough racket.
But you know,
I mean,
I always wanted to be that.
I,
you know,
before I got to La,
I always want him to be,
you know,
I,
all my heroes were fucks up.
We were fucked up.
You know,
all my heroes,
all,
you know,
all the comics,
all everyone,
I respect.
Why is it so romantic that that whole fucking cause I'm sitting cause I'm
sitting there going like,
even as fucked up as that story is,
I'm sitting there like feeling like I'm like show business light because I don't
have any stories of being up for fucking three days and,
and,
and I'm old enough to know I don't want those fucking stories,
but you just don't want to have a boring autobiography.
You know,
when you do that,
when the comedian,
when you finally hit and they give you the book deal and you've got to have you
in your head on your hand,
like,
well,
you know,
my take on life,
the truth of the matter is,
is that,
you know,
it doesn't help you and you,
and if you stay doing that,
it will kill you.
There's no way around it that no,
but you want to have a couple of fucking stone.
That's a great story.
Oh,
there's another story.
When I was hanging out with Sam [inaudible] to Aa meetings just to fucking
listen to yell.
You should Tommy Lee.
I mean I've been sober for over 10 years.
Over 10 years.
Just,
you haven't done anything?
No.
I,
you know,
I got,
I got straight
and got into the program,
you know,
learned how to rewire my brain.
I've done nothing.
I'm a sober guy 10 years.
Yeah.
But you know,
whatever.
But you know what?
You're a cool sober guy cause I didn't even know that about you.
I mentioned to somebody last night to get gun.
Yeah.
You know,
I was,
I,
you know,
I didn't drink for two and a half months and then I went to England.
I was like,
I got to try these spirits and beers and now I'm like bummed when I go three
fucking days.
And I was like,
fuck.
I was up to like 75 and then all of a sudden he just got real serious.
He goes,
do you want to get sober?
Like really like looking into my soul and my Jesus Christ,
dude,
no,
I'm,
I'm not like that.
No,
the only question is,
is like,
look,
you know,
I don't care what anyone does,
and,
and I certainly appreciate the process of drinking and boozing and doing drugs.
I loved it,
but,
you know,
it really just comes down to,
if you get to that point,
he,
the only time you need to get sober really is if you all of a sudden,
you know,
try to stop and you can't,
or you like becomes unmanageable.
That's it.
You know?
And then that's when you need help.
That's it.
You know,
this is where I'm at.
I'm,
uh,
I have stopped and done,
you know,
but like,
I don't want to stop.
It's not that I can't,
I like it.
Like last night I'm sitting there doing the Gig.
It was a place I always wanted to perform at.
I fucking destroyed.
I even yelled out of blues brothers line.
Yeah.
That John Belushi said on stage and in the Nolan got it.
But I did it for me and I just said a fucking great time,
you know?
And afterwards I got this big ice chest of fucking Heineken's just staring at me
and I didn't drink one because I knew that,
you know,
I didn't want one.
I wanted one of the drink all of them,
and then stuffed my face into the ice when I was done.
So I,
I,
I like it the way I like cookies.
I want to eat the whole fucking bag.
All right,
so then you know what that's called was set alcoholism?
No,
it is,
I'm kidding.
No,
but tell me that.
Denial.
I'm not an alcoholic.
No,
no.
Look,
the bottom line is you can do it however you want.
It's like he,
a lot of people you have to understand something about people in the program is
that most of them,
you know,
who are especially gung ho about it,
it's saved their fucking life.
And it does every fucking day.
That's it.
You know?
And it's,
you know,
that's really interesting.
So now I'll be more forgiving of somebody who they're like fanatics of any kind,
but they're not trying to push Jesus on you.
I mean,
part of the program is really,
it's based on helping other alcoholics.
So they actually,
when they do that in a way,
you know,
uh,
in terms of,
of the way the program works,
it's helping them see it teaches pathologically self centered people who can't
control themselves to behave like,
like regular people by helping other people.
I mean a very specific way.
So yeah,
that's it.
You know what I mean?
It's not,
usually they don't,
it's not a hard line thing and no one's ever going to come up to you.
Like why?
I've actually really though,
uh,
monitored my drinkings because I'm so fucking vain.
I liked the,
uh,
the,
the hot,
my face looks a lot better when you drink,
when I don't.
Oh,
cause when I don't cause I lose,
I lose that.
Sure.
However you want it.
And then,
you know,
the thing is,
is like if it's not destroying your wife,
so be it.
And if you want to go up and down and quit here and there,
and if it's not destroying your life,
that's it.
Yeah.
Like after I go do
this,
my Easter dinner is going to be,
I'm gonna go to somebodies house.
I'm gonna Watch going to watch the red sox Yankees.
It's great.
Now how the fuck am I not mine
to,
the thing is,
is it really comes down to,
yeah,
in,
in light of what you're talking about.
If you've tried this,
stop with all your heart over and over again because you want to stop drinking
and you can right then,
then it's something to be addressed.
If you want to take a break,
but you like to drink,
but it's not ruining your life and you're just a weird kind of controlling guy
in your mind.
And you're like,
fuck,
I had two months and you know,
but if it's not a plague bucket,
this is,
this is what's killing me.
I had a buddy of mine,
uh,
he,
he quit for a minute and I swear to God,
like,
he's one of these guys who quit.
I'm like,
dude,
what the fuck are you equipment for you?
You don't have a problem.
Okay.
This guy quit for like,
I may be 17 days and I think he lost about 30 pounds.
And I was like,
chats is Christ.
Yeah,
you will fucking Busan.
And he looked great.
Yet he usually,
you know what he looked like?
He loves like an Oscar,
but that's uses the exact,
I can't wait to hit him with that one.
If you didn't,
if you knew this guy.
Yeah.
You look literally liked his body,
the silhouette of an Oscar.
And uh,
and then one day call me and say,
you know,
I started drinking.
I realized I didn't have a problem.
I just was drinking too much and blah,
blah.
So now he's back on the drinking.
Okay.
I saw him again at dude,
he looked like fucking hell.
He looked like he got run over by a bus man.
Terrible.
The tricky business.
It's a tricky shit,
man.
Yeah.
Like he just look,
uh,
he,
you know,
he looked like when he stopped drinking for three weeks,
all those fucking shows as I do on makeover.
Yeah,
we're going to give you a new hip haircut.
We're gonna give you a shiny shirt and all of a sudden you come walk up.
Yeah,
yeah,
no.
And all of a sudden the women's start paying and that's,
that's what he looked like.
He came down to the club and even my girlfriend was like,
Jesus,
look at you.
Wow.
This is the thing about him.
He didn't go to the fucking gym.
He just stopped drinking.
Yeah.
So,
uh,
that is the one aspect of it is my face look better.
And then one girl told me that my skin looked great.
Yeah.
So that's,
you know,
I'm still fuck accuracy,
so secure and so fucking vain.
I'm like,
well,
you know,
I can't drink my mother.
My Skin's looking great right now.
Yeah.
Hell yeah.
I,
I'm with you on that.
I mean,
I used to talk,
I talk about it a lot,
you know,
in the sense onstage and how it is.
I mean,
like I said,
it's just I'm,
I'm happy I live through it because yeah,
there's a,
there's periods air,
you know,
and whatever anyone thinks,
either that's your life and that's the lifestyle you want to live or are you
going to make a drastic change or you just deal with the ups and downs of it.
But I used to say when I did,
but you can say,
you know,
the great thing about sobriety is how clearly you can see your disappointment.
Yeah.
The
thing I was joking about is how fucking long a year is.
Yeah.
When you're sober,
it's like,
I remember every second of this other than when I was sleeping.
It's like,
it was like February 2nd I can't believe it's not may yet.
Yeah.
It's just fucking insane.
I like that though.
I,
you know,
as I get older,
I'd much rather time just drip by then rush by.
Know it's brutal.
I don't even know what happened this last fucking decade,
but I think,
I think we're getting close to what are we up to there on your arguing computer?
How many,
how many minutes?
I don't know.
We have no idea.
No,
it's three 20.
What time did we start?
About two 15.
Yeah,
we might be a little bit over now.
You want to do it?
Uh,
yeah.
Well let me,
let me,
let me give it a chance here.
Are you listening to mark Marin and just for the future when I do these
interviews?
So,
uh,
it's always uncomfortable given other comedians compliments where we were such
self-loathing people.
But I think seriously,
mark,
for my,
for my money,
you've always been one of one of the fucking best comics in the country.
So if mark is coming to your area,
definitely go see him.
He's,
he does not pander to the audience.
He says what the fuck he wants to say.
I think you're fucking awesome.
And every comic from here on out,
if they're on my show,
they fit that bill.
I don't know if there'll be able to follow your stories,
but every once in a while we're going to do this on the podcast.
I'm going to have a comedian that I really admire and I admired your work for a
long time.
So how about,
let me know some of the gigs.
Are My listeners know where you're going to be a,
you got anything coming up?
Well,
yeah,
this week I'm going to be in Tempe,
Arizona at the a madcap theaters.
You can go to madcap theaters.com that's a this weekend.
If you're dropping this today,
this is Monday.
And I'll be with Eddie Pepitone madcap theaters dot.
Come Friday and Saturday I'll be at the Bridgetown comedy festival in Portland
because Portland,
Oregon.
Okay.
And then,
uh,
in April,
the end of April I'll be a comics in New York with Garafolo.
Oh,
that's a huge show.
Good deal man.
And I now also hype you podcast podcast WTF with Marc Maron.
You can get a WTF pod.com or you can just go to iTunes and look up WTF.
And if there a bill burr episode on there and a lot of your favorite comics on
there,
all of them are on there.
Well there you go,
man.
All right.
That's been the Monday morning podcast and very special Monday morning podcast
from the Mark Marin bunker out here and a la.
Hope you guys all had a nice eastern.
Enjoy your week.
[inaudible].